---
layout: post
title: A Spam Email Message I Got Today
tags: [Spam, Email, Funny]
date: 2009-11-15T11:00:28
category: journal
---

This is some spam I received today.

> **To**: me@mylesbraithwaite.com<br>
> **Subject**: Private Invitation<br>
> **From**: Mr  Yasir Ali<br>
> **Date**: Sat, 14 Nov 2009 09:51:01 +0100
> 
> Dear: President/C.E.O.
> 
> Good Day.
> 
> It is my pleasure to request for your honest assistance. This request may seem strange but I will crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously.
> 
> My name is Mr Yasir Ali from Pakistan. purchasing agent to leader of Jundollah militant group in Pakistan.
> 
> Due to the Pakistan Army's offensive in South Waziristan, I was mandated by a senior rebel leader to purchase arms and ammunition from a private dealer in Russia worth Ten Million American Dollars Only. The said amount was moved through Iran boarder on the 17Th of September 2009 to Russia.
> 
> It was quite unfortunate that upon my arrival, I immediately change my mind against purchasing of arms in the name of war of Islam. I have succeeded on diverting the fund into a security storage company.
> 
> I pray to Allah to forgive me for all the innocent people killed during my service to the rebel force. I have promise my self and Allah never to involve in any form of crime to humanity through out my life time.
> 
> In view of the above, I will never like to go back to Pakistan again because of my life and wish to invest this funds under your umbrella and supervision.
>                                                                      
> I will also seek your assistant to help me secure traveling documents for my wife and two children.
> 
> In summary.
> 
> I needed your assistant and protection to the funds. Base on the above detail information, I will highly appreciate if my request is given utmost priority and consideration.
>  
> Greetings,
> 
> Mr Yasir Ali
> Secure ID: ***-*@live.com